Theme Tune: [Music]
Al: Hello farmers and welcome to another episode of the harvest season. My name is Al.
Kevin : - My name is Kevin.
Al: And we are here today to talk about Cockscore Games.
Kevin : Ooh.
Al: A happy Thanksgiving Kevin.
Kevin : - Thank you.
Kevin : And I'll have a turkey day of Americans.
Al: Maybe we should have said that in last week's episode, but I wasn't on the
Kevin : It's a viewsonic.
Kevin : - Yeah.
Kevin : It's fine.
Kevin : Well, I hope you guys enjoyed it.
Kevin : It helps.
Kevin : - I hope, oh.
Kevin : Okay, so you know the Macy's Thanksgiving day parade.
Kevin : I'm gonna presume you know it
Al: I am aware of it, yes, I am aware of it from film and TV.
Kevin : because it gets attention.
Kevin : - Okay.
Kevin : - Yeah.
Kevin : Well, there you go.
Kevin : It's, it is, it gets the most coverage out of any parade
Kevin : in the U.S.
Kevin : I will say I think that's fair assessment.
Kevin : So of course it's, you know,
Kevin : ever parades are, it's just a big old advertising opportunity.
Kevin : So all the floats are, you know, like pop culture
Kevin : and sort of the performances and yada, yada.
Kevin : Anyways, actually you've,
Kevin : video games and anime and weeb stuff.
Kevin : We got Pac-Man, Mario, I believe is in,
Kevin : I didn't watch it.
Kevin : I just saw some of the highlights.
Kevin : Loofy from one piece.
Kevin : Sonic, infamously popped and did not make into the parade.
Al: - Oh no.
Kevin : Much like in the 1993 parade, I believe it was in '93.
Al: - Why does it sound like you've got a photographic memory
Kevin : At some point in the '90s.
Al: of all of the Macy's Thanksgiving Daybreak's?
Kevin : at least Sonic.
Kevin : But, yeah, you're right, but actually best of all, so they have musical performances, and these very wildly, some very perhaps antiquated acts and others, you know, they vary, so you got a lot of high school marching bands and so.
Al: - I am amused at the idea of you going,
Al: "Oh, it's just an advertising thing."
Al: The name is an advertising thing.
Al: Never mind the rest of it.
Kevin : But true.
Kevin : Because it is 2025, you betcha they got the singing voices of huntrix and we got a live performance of gold and that was pretty good. It was pretty good.
Al: I did see that. I did see that. Although from what I can tell life might be a
Kevin : It's pretty good.
Al: little bit of a stretch. We don't judge people for lip-syncing if people
Kevin : Yes. Got them. Yeah. Okay.
Al: have fun, that's the important thing. But I also saw many videos of what's
Kevin : Oh, I know.
Kevin : What's his name? Yeah, I know you talk about the doctor. What's his face? Yeah, they're promoter. You tell what they're promoter. What's your name? Yeah, that's the one. Yeah, doctor.
Al: Yeah, Bobby, but I can't remember his Ken young that's his name. I saw many videos of him
Al: Like
Kevin : Yep. I've been
Al: recording with his phone and smiling
Kevin : Yeah, yeah, that was great. I loved it. Oh, I didn't bite to the fortnight, but I was very tempting. Just so awareness. Oh,
Al: So why are we here? That's a good question. I just realized my headphones are on backwards
Kevin : How are we here?
Al: and it's messing my brain up. There we go, that's better. We are here today to talk
Al: about cottagecore games, but specifically, I'm going to talk about Ashwood Valley, which
Al: is a game that I played some of. Let's put it this way. Let's put it this way. It's not
Kevin : I didn't get to but I heard things and and all the siblings
Al: as bad as sugar do I?
Kevin : well um that I don't know that that's how that feels like the lowest bar you can compare to
Al: It is, but it gets over the bar.
Kevin : yeah okay all right okay fine at least one
Al: So it's a thing.
Al: I won't be putting it forward for Game of the Year.
Kevin : less negative thing or the actual sweet
Al: Let's put it that way.
Al: So we're gonna talk about that.
Al: We've got a bunch of news.
Al: The first of all, Kevin, what have you been up to?
Kevin : Oh, stress stress primarily.
Kevin : Um, yeah, I'm really stressed.
Kevin : Um, okay, let's see the two gaming wise things that ever tell you watched fantastic before finally got around to it.
Kevin : Um, first steps.
Al: I don't think you did. What did you think?
Kevin : For Stanley, what are the things called?
Kevin : Yeah, uh, good movie.
Kevin : Um, yeah, I don't know like it was, it felt very nice to have a quote-unquote light MCU film to watch, right?
Kevin : not everything is tied into the big govark.
Al: Right, that's what you mean by light. I was like I'm not sure what's light about it
Kevin : and yes, yes, yeah.
Al: They were trying to collect us was trying to eat the world
Kevin : Yeah, Galactus was really well done.
Kevin : How cool is that, huh?
Kevin : So I have one of the goofiest villains.
Al: I love when they're in a ship.
Al: Spoilers for fantastic four or first steps.
Kevin : - Yeah.
Kevin : - Fantastic for.
Al: If you want to go watch it now, it's on Disney+.
Al: This is a good film.
Al: I enjoyed it.
Al: My joint second favorite superhero film of the year.
Al: The-- when they're on Galactus's ship,
Al: and they've been taken into the room to meet Galactus.
Kevin : Yeah
Al: And you're kind of looking around going, oh, where's Galactus?
Al: and then-- because it's just like dark.
Kevin : Yeah
Al: And then you just see his lies light, eyes light up.
Al: And then he stands up, and you're like, oh, my word.
Kevin : Yeah, he's a big boy
Al: He's really intimidating.
Kevin : Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah, that's good. It's well done. Um, I like everyone's performances, you know of the four was well done
Kevin : Maybe a little too much info.
Kevin : It was fun.
Al: They got to get him ready for secret wars, right? Come on.
Kevin : This can't be as great for this for two thumbs up.
Kevin : Other than that, we've got...
Kevin : You know, actually, I got back into Marvel's snap.
Al: Oh, I haven't heard that name in a while.
Kevin : I just think I took mostly, October.
Kevin : I'm at still play it on the regular
Kevin : In a good place like it's I don't know how to put this like it's nothing here
Kevin : Okay, I'll tell you what brought me back in the added man spider in
Kevin : And any time man spiders added into something I'm in
Kevin : But other than that it's it's been fine
Kevin : The metagame's okay, there's so there's so many cards and holy money
Kevin : but overall it's fine I enjoyed what about and then of course Kirby Air
Kevin : Riders continues to exist and I play and like the game fits good oh okay
Kevin : there's this so I talked about city trial I don't know you're familiar
Kevin : you heard it stuff I talked about it but you basically it's a mode where you
Kevin : You run around, you collect buffs for a big little mini game, show it out at the end with the...
Kevin : whatever you combined. Part of it is you can basically swap machines as you find them around on the map.
Kevin : Obviously some machines are better suited for others, but one of the funniest events that can happen, and actually happen in my first game.
Kevin : But if you die at... or if you don't have a vehicle at the end, because if you go hit and you die, you lose your vehicle. You're given like the worst vehicle in the game's called compact stuff.
Kevin : And so that happened in my first game, but it's just really funny because I've had it like where I'm dying as the countdown is going to zero to the end of the match.
Kevin : And I've even lost some machines because of that. But anyways, that's just the chaos. That is Kirby AirRider.
Kevin : It's good stuff. I'm trying to think of what's saved without going too far into detail. But...
Kevin : I like it. Oh, okay, you know, I'll say this. Some of the bouncing, so all the previous vehicles from the first game returned.
Kevin : And that was pretty young, so maybe I didn't fully grasp how to utilize all of them, but I felt like there was always some balance issues. Some stars were much better than others, some were much worse than others.
Kevin : Soccer, I fine tuned it. Everything feels good to use now. So, you know, thumbs up for that. When it's cyber, it's no shocker.
Kevin : But yeah, Kirby AirRider's good. The art is still good. The people making the machines. Plus the smiling friends coming out now. Good stuff.
Kevin : Alright, what about UL? What's going on?
Al: Let's see, what have I been up? Ah, yes, Pokémon.
Al: Well, obviously I was playing some Ashwood Valley this week, but I have also finished everything
Al: in Pokémon Legends CA except the last battles thing which you need to do to get the shiny charm,
Al: but I don't know if I'm going to, like, we've got a week and a half until the DLC comes out,
Al: And so it fuels.
Kevin : It's about to finish everything for a week, except for, you know, in a week.
Al: Yeah.
Al: Yeah, well, you know, this is like when I say so I will talk about my my my youngest enjoys playing
Al: Astrobot, right?
Al: And I'll tell people oh yeah he he'd finished the entire game and creates like oh no I didn't
Al: there's one level I haven't done and I'm like okay but that was like added in as an update
Al: as the fifth update to the game, right?
Al: Like you've finished the entire base game and then four out of five of the updates they added
Al: like you can't you can't be like, "Oh, I didn't"
Al: I finished the game because they added something new after I stopped playing. That's not how that works.
Kevin : [laughs]
Kevin : The goal post moving. Good times. [laughs]
Al: So I have finished. I have done everything in Pokemon ZA that exists except the battle, the
Kevin : But did you, though?
Al: do a thousand battles. I think I'm at like 550 or something. I just don't it's so many. It's so many battles.
Kevin : That sounds like so much.
Al: So, like, do I want to just like grind out those battles in the next week and a half?
Al: Just for the possibility that might do some more shiny hunting is such an unnecessary thing, a thousand bars
Kevin : you know that that remind well okay first of all I will are you excited for the
Kevin : deal sir are you going to play it when it drops or you're going to take a break
Al: Oh, no. Yeah. No, I've already bought it. I am the problem, and I recognize this, but I also
Al: like playing the game, right? Like I'm not, I've talked many times about how the things that people don't
Al: like about the, you know, the most recent Pokémon games are legitimate and fair, but they're not
Al: things that change how much I enjoy it. Like the, oh, it's such a small map and there's nowhere to
Al: explore okay cool I don't like exploring
Al: you know that's not what I'm in for I'm not in for exploring oh the story is
Kevin : [laughter]
Al: pretty boring yeah okay fine I'm not in it for that yeah you know so it doesn't
Al: bother me and yeah like the DLC is just basically Lumios again but in gray
Al: scale and I'm like okay cool great I don't need to learn any new maps
Al: fantastic we all like different things and that's fine so yeah I am
Al: the person that people hate because I keep buying the games and I keep buying
Al: everything because I like it I'm sorry but I like it that's just who I am
Kevin : Yeah, no, I, I say that I get it and also I'm probably going to still want to play in by this game. So, you know, I'm part of the problem too. So, I can't blame you.
Al: I just need to buy a second hand and then you'll be less of the problem, right?
Kevin : Um, but, uh,
Kevin : I guess it was fine before we used to buy all the games all the time. They were good back then.
Al: Where they are of your expectations change, that's the question.
Kevin : Wait, repeat. I went with it in my expectation change. Oh,
Al: Where are they, where are they good back then, or have your expectations changed?
Al: That's always my question about program.
Kevin : Oh, um, no, no, no, no. No, I'm going to say they were better back then. My, so here's the thing,
Kevin : my expectations for Pokemon has never been particularly high. It's like a very comfort food sort of
Kevin : thing. Like, I know what I'm going to get on and I would enjoy it. Just I know there's better out
Kevin : there, but that's fine. Um, so yeah, and because, you know, Pokemon was very formulaic for a good while. Um, so, yeah, I don't think my expectations change just
Kevin : I legitimately, you know what? I think,
Al: Well, I mean in so much as in so much as like we've all grown up, right?
Al: And so obviously our expectations are going to be different than the where is a kid and and I'm not saying I'm not saying this to excuse things, right?
Kevin : Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. Okay.
Al: Like game series have to
Al: Move forward right like if every game was just the same as it was 20 years ago
Al: We would get bored of everything, right?
Al: I'm not saying the things shouldn't change, but like where are they better or where they just?
Al: We expect more and should get
Kevin : There's, you know, this makes me think I think there's another element to this and that is the
Kevin : things the world changing around it right like you
Kevin : right yeah because when you look at Pokemon on the DS or the GBA or whatever right what are you
Kevin : comparing it to other games on that console right like it stands out but now we saw on the switch
Kevin : next to Xenoblade and Breath of the Wild I obviously you know those are completely different genres and
Kevin : directions but the point is like it feels like the potential should be higher but it's not meaning it but
Kevin : also look at Scarlet Violet and the technical issues like there there's there's clearly at least within
Kevin : in the last five years, there's absolutely been.
Kevin : There are signs of their having issues and the quality.
Al: I do think that those, I think this carland violet are, are unique case, right?
Al: Like, Legends Arceus didn't have those issues.
Al: Legends ZA doesn't have those issues, certain shield didn't have those issues.
Al: Brilliant diamond and shining peril had some issues, but it's not on the same thing.
Al: It's hard to compare, even if it isn't as buggy, it's hard to compare because it's like a
Al: couple, you know, it's traditional to the top down or sat on Pokemon.
Kevin : - Yeah.
Al: It's hard to compare anyway, but like, all the other Switch games have not really had the same issues at all.
Al: And I'm not playing Legends ZA on the Switch, but from people that are playing on it,
Al: as far as I can tell, it's fine. It's not, like, it's not amazing, but it's not anywhere new
Al: to as bad a skyland violet were, right? Like, that is a unique, and I would love to see the
Al: behind the scenes on why they shoved out what they did when they did. I wonder if part of the
Al: problem was.
Al: that it got caught up in the Covid delays, right? Like we not for a fact, but like you'd be very
Al: surprised if, if, if, you know, legends are curious and brilliant downshowing peril had been delayed,
Al: right? I think we all know it is almost definite that those two games got delayed. And therefore,
Al: that would have knock on effects for Scarlet and Violet, right? And so the question is, did they,
Al: should, was the issue that they just didn't get the time they needed for that?
Al: And was that because of the delays? And therefore, was not going to be an issue for the next game,
Al: because they had reset their cycle by ruining Scarlet and Violet in its launch, right?
Al: Is that, is that how the, and that's why the in-legency is fine, because they had
Al: taken all of the brunt on those games, whereas actually they should have just
Al: continued to fix it and just gone, oh well, we're just going to have to have an extra year that doesn't
Al: and have a game that we don't want to have.
Kevin : Yeah
Al: I think there's perfectly legitimate complaints to have about this game, about the story, about the limitations of what the world is, of the exploration, blah, blah, blah, that can't be solved by just doing better next time.
Kevin : Yeah, it is
Al: That's a fundamental change to how you think about games.
Kevin : Yeah.
Al: But, I think the bogginess of Scarlet and Violet, I think it's... unless... maybe we need to wait for the...
Al: next gen games right gen 10 and see how they are. But I think if there's not massive issues in them, like, there wasn't Scarlet and Violet, like, I think it's probably safe to say that that was a wall.
Kevin : okay you know what that yeah okay to the like to the lows it went to from
Kevin : especially the technical side that's fine that's fair you can call it the outlier
Al: That's that is why I'm specifically talking about right like the the technical parts of that like story wise gameplay wise all these things right you can't write that off as a one off obviously because that is just what they've been doing for a long time and you know you can say there's like.
Kevin : yeah yeah yeah absolutely yeah yeah right
Kevin : Yeah, yep, yeah, yep, yep, yep, yep.
Al: One offs with in the positive direction right like I rarely see a pokemon fan who didn't love legends arcius and less you just didn't like fundamentally the changes to how the game and play worked.
Al: But in terms of like everything else, I don't like
Al: everyone who I see complaining about
Al: legends of the years, like I can't believe this is the
Al: follow up to legends arceus, right? Like that's how the
Kevin : Yeah. Yeah.
Al: frame it, if they're disappointed in it. So I think it's
Al: probably fair to say that that was probably an outlier
Al: in the positive direction in terms of story. But yeah, it's
Al: it's not like every Pokemon game has been buggy, you know,
Al: and every game has technical issues, right? Literally every
Kevin : Yeah. Yeah.
Al: game has technical issues. I think it's probably
Al: to say the two big buggy games would be the first ones
Al: in Scarlet and Violet, right? But anyway, I, yeah, I like, I
Kevin : [laughs]
Kevin : Oh man.
Al: very much enjoyed my time with ZA and I will be playing
Al: the DLC because I would enjoy a little bit more of that. And
Al: I get the people who say that should be base game, but I'm
Al: going to, I'm going to continue to be part of the problem
Al: by the BLC. (laughs)
Kevin : Yeah, sure. Yeah.
Al: I don't get the choice of it being base game, right?
Al: I have the choice of do I say,
Al: oh, that should not be paid updates and not experience it myself,
Al: or do I go, yeah, this is a terrible situation,
Al: and I'm not helping the situation by buying it,
Al: but also one individual's not gonna change anything,
Al: and I would like to experience it,
Al: so therefore I'm going to pay an experience it.
Kevin : Yeah. Yeah. You'll imagine if they just let it be free.
Al: And none of those situations are, there's no ideal there, right?
Kevin : Wow. Like how much that would improve the image of all situation?
Al: Possibly. Yeah. Yeah, but I
Al: When was the last time they gave us something for free? I guess maybe this garlic and violet switch to updates
Kevin : yeah. I guess so. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Yeah. Okay. That's the, that's the line. I mean, it was
Al: So they are possible it is possible for them to do that. Can you imagine if they charged for that?
Al: Would I have paid for that probably that's bad
Al: But it would have been absolutely terrible terrible marketing
Kevin : already bad enough. They put the real flag and he'll see. Oh, oh, oh, come on.
Al: [laughs]
Kevin : that, you know, that's, I think that's part of the whole, just the, the overall issue of like
Kevin : a really better back then. Like, it's the money hungry, like, ringing their hands is so
Kevin : transparent. These days it feels like, right. Um, well, yeah. Yeah. You're like, like, you can't
Al: Yes, I also do think that sometimes people overuse the phrase cash grab though, um, like
Al: It's like when when they
Kevin : called Scarlet Violet. Cash, grabbing you probably but...
Kevin : ...or four million into the health team.
Al: Yeah, it's like I just feel like it's it's such a an overused term
Al: It's like I saw people saying oh
Al: When they announced that they were making a second kpop demon hunters people like oh such a cash grab and you're like one
Al: They've not even made it yet. We used to talk about it too.
Kevin : [laughing]
Al: Like, unless they massively downgrade the quality, they're putting a lot of money into a second one.
Al: Three, people were asking for this. From months, they were like, "Oh, we need more. We need more. I can't believe they cut stuff out of the film. We need more of this."
Kevin : Yeah
Al: And I'm like, "You don't get both ways." It's not a cash grab. Shut up.
Kevin : Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh.
Al: Now, the Disney directed DVD sequels that they used to do, those are cash grabs, right?
Kevin : Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh
Kevin : And the, okay, you know what's crazy though, even as cash grabs a lot of those had sold to some degree. Like I, I, I have perhaps roasting to glasses, but I have fallen memories of some of those. I'll tell you what to, you know, you know what is the post to child.
Kevin : How for cash grab the live action, Moana. Hey, quote unquote live action. Oh, like.
Al: I haven't seen any, I haven't seen any of the Disney live action remakes that they're
Kevin : I've seen more than I probably would wish I had, but it's interesting because when they
Kevin : started out, they were decent enough, it felt like they were at least adding something.
Al: Well, yeah, when they started out, it wasn't remakes, it was new stories, right? So they had what was the,
Kevin : One of the...
Al: there was a maleficent and there was
Kevin : I'll get I'll give you one beats dragon that no one knows about that one, but Pete's dragon and it got a live action quote unquote remake and you know what that was actually decent
Kevin : Um
Kevin : Like I haven't seen the original, but it's very clearly different and and in tone and direction and yeah, that was all right actually
Kevin : But but yeah, I'm a lift sent that was the right. That was I wasn't even a remake. That was just a new story
Al: Well, that's what I'm saying for a long time their live action stuff that was based on animated stuff wasn't remakes
Al: It was new stuff in the world, right? There was Maleficent. There was the Crella one
Kevin : Yeah.
Kevin : Oh, my God.
Al: I can't remember the name of that was was it just Crella maybe?
Kevin : I think there's just Corral out there.
Al: Like those were different you can say they're bad, but they were at least trying to do something there
Kevin : The one where the Dalmatians.
Kevin : Yeah.
Kevin : The one with the Dalmatians killing her parents.
Al: Oh, yeah, it was so stupid
Kevin : Yeah.
Al: I mean that is just that is the class
Kevin : No.
Al: I think that is a basic prequel issue, right?
Kevin : I haven't seen verse.
Kevin : Yeah.
Al: Because you have not seen wicked for good, have you?
Kevin : No.
Kevin : I haven't seen verse.
Kevin : Now, I haven't seen the virtual...
Al: You haven't seen the first one either.
Kevin : I haven't seen any Wicked of any variety, but if I go...
Al: I watched the first one, right?
Al: I was like, oh, I generally pretty good.
Al: I thought it was a really good self-contained prequel to the Wizard of Oz.
Al: I really liked it.
Al: But it's still done a few of the things that prequels always do.
Al: It was like the soul, you've seen soul.
Al: I presume the star wars you haven't okay, so the there's one the the example I always use of stupid prequel things where they over explain everything is the one in solo a
Kevin : No, I haven't. I'm not that. No. It's our row one
Al: Star Wars story
Kevin : Yeah, talent will tell me where that works.
Al: So there's a point where he's like I'm going through I can't remember the context of this because it was so stupid I wiped it from my memory
Al: But he was in he was traveling right and so he's going up to to travel and they ask him what is your name?
Kevin : [laughter]
Al: He says he says he doesn't have a name. I think or something like that. There's a reason why he doesn't like
Al: Have a surname. He's hand, but he doesn't have a surname. And so the guy buying the desk looks at him goes
Al: Solo because he's traveling alone, just like stamps down and writes his name is solo and
Kevin : Oh my gosh.
Al: You're like not only does that not make any sense
Al: That is so stupid that would mean you would have you know thousands of people in this universe called solo purely because they were
Al: Traveling alone
Al: But also it just was so unneeded right like you don't have to explain everything in your prequel
Al: You don't have to tell me why Han Solo is called Han Solo. He's called that because that's his name
Kevin : The fantastic for the 2015 one to say that again.
Al: Oh, yes, it again fantastic
Al: That's the thing is just it's so I hate like prequels do this a lot with her like oh here's this thing that we need to explain
Al: No.
Al: You just didn't need to explain it and then they tie themselves up and not trying to get
Kevin : Oh, my God. Yeah, yeah.
Al: to specific places.
Al: Generally, I'm like, don't do a prequel, right?
Al: Because you just end up in a stupid position but whatever.
Al: I don't forget what my point was.
Kevin : Yep. Live action remakes for the Disney. It's not great.
Al: My point was prequels are, yeah, they're stupid stuff.
Kevin : Okay. Okay. But I want to try to make earlier, they went from, you know, being different or decent
Kevin : enough. They've just been on the
Kevin : scale downwards. Do you know about the Leelon Stitch? Did you watch that or do you know anything about that? Yeah. Yeah. We've gone from, you know, soulless live action to, like, intention, intentionally antithetical to your original. We want to be offensive. Oh, I don't remember how he got here. Yeah.
Al: Oh, yeah, yeah. The changes they made, yeah. Oh, yeah. I haven't seen the live action. I've obviously seen the original.
Al: It's excellent. And I am aware of the changes that they made, yeah.
Al: I don't know what's worse whether they'd like change it to be different from the
Al: original in a works way or like the how to train your dragon which is like this
Al: is just a shot for shot remake like I honestly don't know which I think is worse
Kevin : Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, no, yeah, okay. Scrap. That's how we got here. Yeah, and these are cash grabs and and you know what? I'd rather take the shop for shot instead of the the word. We're going to make it worse, like, Oh,
Al: because it's like why are you even doing this then the answers money
Al: I don't know why, I just, I feel like if they're making it worse or at least trying to do something there, like they've like, and I'm not saying the reason behind it is good, but they're at least going, why is it this way, can we make it better, let's do this, and yeah, that might be an stupid idea about.
Kevin : I guess. But,
Kevin : But, but it's like, it shows a, a complete lack of misunderstanding and appreciation for the original. Like, hey, you're right.
Al: Yeah, sure, but at least then you know that you can see that and you're like this was terrible. I'm not gonna watch that
Kevin : Now, now, well, yeah. Sorry, cash grab. Oh, I don't remember how he got here, but we used me.
Al: I
Kevin : Oh, I'm going to have to check that out. I actually, ooh, I like the side of that.
Al: We got there through Pokémon we got there through Pokémon. I did see I'm do watch any donkey videos video in donkey
Al: He did a carbie aerators one this week and I was watching it going it's Kevin just donkey
Al: It's just feels like it was written
Al: by Kevin. He basically says it's the best game of the year.
Kevin : Oh, I'm good at the check that out actually. Ooh, I like the side of that.
Kevin : Yeah, yeah, kind of is, okay, you made a point of this earlier.
Kevin : How wild it is. We got, you know, these sequels to all these cart racers in one year of Mario Kart and Sonic and Kirby just lining planets aligning all in the same year.
Al: Mario Kart, Sonic Racing and Kirby.
Kevin : And Kirby air writer. It's absolutely kerbs tops all of them, by the way, as much like Mario Kart is fine. I like it, you know.
Kevin : It has the issues or whatever people dropped it, but it was fine. There's nothing inherently wrong. It's Sonic writers. I even tried, but I've heard great things and obviously I love Sonic, but.
Kevin : No, there's no comparison. Kirby air, I says, oh, it's peak. Absolutely. I don't know. Whatever you want to call it. All the all the it's the six seven. Whatever the kids say.
Kevin : Yeah, we're done. That's all we care about the show.
Al: All right, well, there we are, Pokemon and Kirby.
Al: Rona once saw a picture of Kirby and she was like,
Al: "Is that Pokemon, or is that no, it's not Pokemon."
Kevin : Yeah, and that's food for thought.
Al: I understood why she says that it looks kind of like a Pokemon.
Al: I'm like, "I see where you're coming from."
Kevin : Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I get it. I get it. I didn't look at chance. He'll fairy. I get it. You know what? One thing about Kirby air rights. I forgot.
Kevin : So something I'm enjoying because obviously it's it's fairly popular. I would say for a Kirby gay or like, you know, Kirby air rights niche. So it's getting a lot of attention relative to what it was before.
Kevin : And and even for a Kirby game. Kirby games are somewhat niche. It's like everyone knows it, but not everyone plays the game straight.
Kevin : What I love, though, because so many people are picking up air writers. People are getting a taste of the the eldritch cosmic core nightmares that are hidden inside Kirby games.
Kevin : Because air writers, the story and air writers, it's actually a fairly light one compared to a lot of other Kirby games, but it still still goes places.
Kevin : One of the tracks there's there's actually you're witnessing genocide as a planet is being destroyed. Oh, that's just during the race itself. Much less the story. Yeah. So, you know, you get taste, but this is still light compared to other stuff Kirby has done.
Al: Oh. Oh, fun.
Kevin : So that's that's been a real treat watching people sing. Oh, this is probably go this hard. No, he usually goes much much harder. Oh, good times. I love my eldritch or polio.
Al: Alright, well, let's talk about some news, shall we?
Al: First up, we have Flotsam. This is the game where you are like reclaiming rubbish from the sea
Al: and making our village out of that. They've announced that their 1.0 is coming
Al: on the 4th of December, which is just one day after this episode releases.
Kevin : Okay, I don't remember this title. Um, there's a lot of cool things. Okay
Al: We haven't talked about it for a while, I don't think, but it's been in early access for 6 years, almost the entire time this podcast.
Kevin : Yeah, yeah, wow wow that that is wild. Well. Hey good for them
Kevin : I actually like what I'm seeing. First of all the concept
Kevin : I love the concept because you know, you know, there's that giant trash island down the Pacific
Kevin : Let's turn that to a real island. I'd like that.
Kevin : Um, secondly, I like the art style, you know, very, so, not so, it's, I guess, associated, I don't know these terms, but it's, it's thick outlines.
Al: It looks like game other games that are called cell shading so I think that's a fair
Kevin : Yeah, that's correct.
Al: affair statement whether it's technically true or not I don't care
Kevin : It looks like a wind wakery, but with thick outlines, that's how I'm going to describe it.
Kevin : It's good. I love the arts stuff. Oh, what a cool idea turning crash into a floating village. Very cool. Yeah, that looks, that's, that's, that's coming out.
Al: Cool, I haven't played it. It came out before I was all buying every single kickstarter,
Al: and it is a city builder, so probably not one for me.
Al: next we have super zoos story they've announced that their alpha has
Kevin : The reverse of the last set.
Al: It's just they're not at the state they want it to be so they're going to delay it till next year.
Kevin : Yeah, yeah, no, I get it.
Kevin : Okay, first of all, I didn't see there's dinosaurs confirmed in this, but okay.
Kevin : Um, I didn't realize we were there, but here we are.
Al: Don't say I'm so disappointed.
Kevin : And okay, as someone who just, look, was about to say, like I mentioned last week or week before whatever, I picked up.
Kevin : Let's, let's build the zoo again.
Kevin : There's high, I'm not going to lie.
Kevin : They have a, you know, uphill battle here.
Kevin : So good luck to that.
Kevin : I like it in theory, but, but hey, they're delaying.
Al: Yeah, well, I'm I I you know what I'm excited about this is the the RPG aspects of it, right? Like you are like actually
Al: Being a person in this game and you are you know
Kevin : A character, sure.
Al: Character you're doing story through this whereas
Al: Part of my problem with city builders is they're so
Al: Amorphous and you're just like I do some stuff, you know, okay, but okay. Yeah, exactly
Kevin : Yeah, menus the game, you know, yeah, no, you're right.
Kevin : I get that, you're right, you're right.
Kevin : That is the difference here and arguably the selling point,
Kevin : but that's, you know, the double edge blade here.
Kevin : They're going to fall into all the trappings, but we'll see.
Al: Yeah. They have not delayed their beta, the not delayed their beta or their full
Kevin : We'll see later because they delayed.
Al: release yet, we're still expecting.
Al: 27, but let's let's not pretend those will probably end up being delayed as well.
Kevin : you know what? Some? Leave it or not. Listeners, when you develop things, if one thing gets delayed,
Al: So you can't delay the alpha and then not delay the alpha.
Kevin : sometimes the other thing gets delayed later. It's just, uh,
Al: and reading through the comments, I think it's important. If you are a game developer to
Al: remember, you get generally positive press if you delay a game. If you're open and honest about
Al: what's happening. And the less you say, the more likely people get annoyed. So people generally
Kevin : Yeah, yeah
Al: okay with this disappointed, but accepting of it. You go and look at the comments of
Kevin : Understanding
Al: any of the other games that delayed for like six years without telling people what was happening.
Kevin : - Soaksaw.
Al: Like, soaksong is a unique situation.
Kevin : - The worst part is, I don't blame them, right?
Kevin : 'Cause I don't, 'cause what was the delay gonna be
Kevin : or with her message gonna be?
Kevin : Sorry, guys, we're having too much fun developing
Al: I mean they also I don't think they also I don't think they ever gave a time frame for
Kevin : and putting this gate stuff in his gates
Kevin : or delaying again, (laughs)
Kevin : No, no, they didn't, but like,
Kevin : and this is a small portion,
Kevin : but there was at least one group, right?
Kevin : I don't know, Kickstarter people who were actually owed this
Kevin : because via the campaign promises and all that,
Kevin : it's a degree, right?
Kevin : Like, yay, probably could have used the update
Kevin : of here and there, but you're right,
Al: I understand that, I understand that, but one, they did get it in the end, which is not always the case.
Kevin : I don't think they gave any timeframe.
Kevin : Yeah.
Kevin : They did.
Al: Two, they did know that there was some, they knew we'd have taken longer because they did essentially have a delay when they were said we're turning this into a game on its own.
Al: That was essentially the delay post, right?
Kevin : Yes, yes.
Al: But three, it's not like they hadn't already got anything from the Kickstarter, they had a whole game, right?
Al: I think it's probably different when you haven't got a game, and you've got a game, but you're still waiting on the second game that was meant to be a DLC, right?
Al: Like those feel like very different expectations.
Kevin : fair enough people. Those poor unfortunate souls waiting for their 3DS copy of Mighty Number 9.
Al: Or the Wii U version of of silk song cuz that was the the joke because they did announce that it would be on that and it didn't come to it
Kevin : Yeah, there you go. That's it. Yeah. Sure.
Al: That those are the people that get to complain
Al: but also
Al: Also, uh, yeah, buy a switch for goodness sake
Kevin : Yeah.
Al: All right next we have
Al: D'oh look town. I still don't know. I had to say the name of this game. I don't get the reference
Kevin : Perfect place.
Kevin : It's Shrek.
Kevin : It sounds like Dual Lock.
Kevin : Shrek 1.
Al: Oh, really? Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Kevin : Lord Farquaad's place.
Al: I'm not going to think of anything else.
Kevin : Dual Lock is a perfect place.
Kevin : Yeah.
Kevin : That's correct.
Kevin : Good.
Kevin : It's good.
Kevin : It's quite a poison for you.
Kevin : Like, I'm sure this game looks great, but it'd be even better with Lord Farquaad in it.
Al: [laughs]
Kevin : I'm just saying.
Kevin : It's be real.
Kevin : I mean that's that's general
Al: Maybe.
Kevin : really true across the board, but it can know that that's for anything.
Al: [laughs]
Al: So,
Al: Dolek Town
Al: have announced that their thrive and ties update is out now.
Al: This adds a bunch of stuff.
Al: [laughs]
Al: Just notice the Steam, I just noticed the Steam post doesn't say anything.
Al: Yeah, let's look in the video.
Kevin : Yeah, so where what it's?
Al: There's a new faction, there's new events.
Al: Look, I don't know, if you've played this game,
Kevin : Allender
Al: if you've played the game, go and get the update, right?
Al: Like, I don't, I've not played the game, go away.
Kevin : Tell us I
Kevin : Have a need it looks I'm not gonna why looks pretty good
Kevin : There's like this drone flying around shooting is that part of the update. That's cool celebrate your birthday now
Al: I really should play this game post post apocalyptic farming sim
Kevin : it looks it looks fun. Yeah, yeah, I'm done for that. But also I could give you. Yeah.
Al: But also make it cute I
Al: Lot I also I love it has the like
Al: Housebuilding kind of like spirit fader, you know that like 2d side on I
Kevin : Yeah, it's a rario. Yeah, it's a rario. Yeah. Yeah. That's great
Al: Like that
Al: Speaking of up speaking of updates we have
Al: Cosmic coupe have released their first major.
Al: Update, this has a rework of how the first seven days works, which it is.
Kevin : The unboring experience that's important
Al: We've talked about it before, many, many a time, your tutorial has to be good.
Al: Otherwise, I hate the game.
Kevin : Yeah
Al: Not that we're going to be talking about anything.
Kevin : Ha ha, I thought you were just going to bring up the A again
Al: Z has all too much tutorial. It is all like literally you're by the time you're finished
Kevin : That, yeah, that's a complaint.
Al: with that tutorial, you are halfway through the game. It's just so stupid. It's not like
Kevin : Are you serious? That bad. Wow. Wow.
Al: it's constant tutorial, but like there are when you get halfway through the game, you've
Al: just learned your final thing through a tutorial system. It just like constantly throwing
Al: new things at you.
Kevin : Okay
Al: Um, buh-buh-buh!
Kevin : It's causing a coupe. They so they're doing that. It's only days one seven
Al: Yeah.
Al: So, cosmic poop.
Al: Another one I like the look of.
Al: Next, we have GoGoTown.
Al: They've released their co-op update.
Al: So, if you want to play co-op on GoGoTown, it's finally here.
Al: Um, this is always the thing that trips up game developers, uh, co-op always takes longer than
Kevin : Yeah, it's very hard because you just imagine you all the things about game that but do it times for and I'm working at the same time. That's hard
Al: they expect.
Al: Um, but it's here now.
Al: Yeah, it brings up a whole other dimension of possible bugs
Kevin : Yeah, I make a dimension bug
Al: They've also
Al: You done
Kevin : Probably not let's continue
Al: They've also given the ability to rotate
Al: Shops, so everything in the game is now rotatable
Al: What I think you could rotate things, but not building
Kevin : That's a good one. I like that because it's so, you know, like, design your town. That's probably
Al: And you can also finally move the train station.
Kevin : Yeah, it's a go one, too, although that does raise questions like, you know, if you slap
Kevin : in the middle of town, do you know how far she don't, but you're trying to run barrel through
Kevin : town and run everything over, probably doesn't.
Al: No, so, the train goes into a tunnel.
Kevin : Okay, so what if you put in the middle of town, why is this just a while E. Coyote and
Al: The tunnel is in the middle of town.
Al: Click on the link and go down to the train station section.
Al: You will see exactly what I mean.
Al: It makes perfect sense when you see what it looks like.
Kevin : Oh, okay. Yeah, okay. That's what that's just a magic rock with the tunnel in it. Yeah, I know I get it. Just I guess it goes underground. Okay, sure.
Al: It's like roller coaster style.
Al: That is, that is the, the epitome of suspension of disbelief.
Kevin : Yeah, yeah.
Al: I'm just gonna let it, let it be.
Al: Let it exist.
Al: It is what it is.
Al: It's fine.
Kevin : Yeah, like I said, it's Dwayne Coyote painting the, you know, the train hole, the tunnel and then just go, it just works. It's fine.
Al: Pretty much.
Kevin : Oh, I don't like the.
Kevin : I don't like that at all.
Al: [laughs]
Kevin : It's just the fart gun from.
Al: Pretty much, yeah. I don't know why you would want to do that either because like that would just lower your town rating, but I don't know.
Kevin : Well, well, I'll tell you why because it's now co-op. That's, that's why.
Al: Oh no disaster.
Kevin : You got to give the tools for proper co-op.
Al: It does kind of fit in with the ridiculousness of the game, but...
Kevin : Oh absolutely, this game is absurd, I love it, it's great.
Al: Next, because apparently this is
Al: the update episode because there's so many updates, we have out and about, they've released their summer update, so it includes summer plants and mushrooms, new recipes, friendship tiers, paddle boarding,
Kevin : Oh, okay. That's, uh, that's cool. I've never paddle boarded, but that's, that's good. That's an like a big one.
Al: I have, I fell over.
Kevin : Uh, okay. Yeah, I mean, that, that feels like it could happen. You know, that warning seems to fit for it.
Kevin : Yeah, I don't know, but hey, like, it's probably good fit for this game, at least I'll say that
Kevin : cuz you know this is the one we're just out foraging and stuff so
Al: yeah feels chill. I do think that people who are good at paddleboarding they do
Kevin : Water transport that's cool. I don't want to go Pat Blurney. They do. Yeah, no, I don't know. That sounds about right. It kind of feels like skiing.
Al: make it look chill but when I've done it it's very much stressful.
Kevin : You know, you're like skiing doesn't look quite far because like you know going down the mountain, but it's really hard for what I understand.
Al: I am more of a kayaker, I like just sitting in my boat and chilling and moving around and not having to balance.
Kevin : Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's a hard part. I couldn't pet open a camp balance. Also, I even scared to go to kayak. But we couldn't do that bad balance.
Al: Kayaks are really, really hard to tip.
Kevin : Oh, that's comforting to know. Okay, I'll keep that.
Al: enjoy I enjoy kayaking unless you go on whitewater if you go on whitewater then
Kevin : Well, yeah, yeah exactly. Let's see. That's the read. That's the whole point
Al: obviously you're gonna fall over but that's kind of the point but no I'm a I'm a sea
Kevin : Make it more aerodynamic
Al: and lock kayaker I don't I don't I don't do whitewater I have done but it's not my
Kevin : Yeah
Kevin : Yeah, no, yeah, they're very
Kevin : Yeah, they're they are different end goals. Absolutely
Al: next we have two pixelia. They have released their order in the court update. And this
Al: includes the justice system and a new career of a lawyer. And I can see why this game is
Kevin : yeah it is yeah it's so I'm just I'm scrolling and there's more there's a
Al: taking a while because there's so much in this. Have you clicked on the link for this? It's
Kevin : JET system, holy moly! Hahaha! Hahaha!
Al: Like, when you're a lawyer, you're like, because of the careers into
Al: Pixelia are like actual detailed careers. You actually have to do
Al: things for it. So you get your license to be a lawyer. And then
Al: you can either, you can do, you can, you can decide to either be a
Al: defense lawyer or prosecution. And then you like have a list of
Al: trials that you can be part of. And then you can go in and you
Al: you actually have to like, argue your case.
Al: And the whole system like happens. You have to do all these things and you have to like, you can, there's a, there's an objection system. If there's a cooldown for an objection, you can only object a certain number of times, it's just, it's so detailed. And there's an actual duty that you have to convince. And I don't, it's,
Kevin : Yeah.
Kevin : Yeah
Kevin : Then out
Kevin : Legal consequences for other like for everything in game apparently there's
Al: Yes, 'cause of course, now that there's a legal system, you of course aren't necessarily a lawyer.
Al: You can still end up in court if you do specific things.
Kevin : There's multiple lawsuit types, defamation, death, assault, public disturbance.
Al: This game is, I am convinced they're just trying to recreate the entirety of life.
Kevin : It is, they, at minimum, they have self become an MMO, maybe single, I don't know if it's
Kevin : multiplayer, but it's on MMO. But...
Al: question I don't know. I think it's
Kevin : Is this, can, is this in the demo currently? I'm gonna guess no, but, uh, well, it's his update,
Kevin : I don't know, but, oh.
Al: The demo I wouldn't be surprised
Kevin : Yeah, probably not. Well, I'll get a, get a hype. We don't get the fuss about
Kevin : suing people for defamation much in these, the NR, our game, so, cloudage core games. Although
Kevin : But we probably should.
Kevin : Stardew could you do that.
Al: I don't want to be sued when I, you know, insult Clint.
Kevin : It's a couple of people I'd like to see.
Kevin : Yeah, but what if you win, though, yeah, exact right, right, right, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Al: All right.
Al: Yeah, what Judy would convict me, that's the question.
Al: If I killed Clint, if I killed Clint, what Judy would convict me?
Al: I just for the legal authorities that are listening to this, I'm talking about in a game.
Al: Thank you
Al: I'm not going to kill anyone in real life. I'm not going to kill anyone who started you family either because you can't although I bet there's a mod for that
Kevin : Yeah, yeah, of course there isn't amount for everything, right, absolutely, who knows, there might be a legal mod out there, yeah, there you go.
Al: Yeah, here you go. There's a murder there's a murder mod
Al: There is a murder mod
Al: allows for the murder of NPCs
Kevin : Okay.
Al: excellent
Al: Next we have research story the last of the updates
Al: 1.1 update it is coming soon. It's currently up on the their they've got like a beta
Al: branch that you can switch to if you want to play it. This includes the heart event tracker
Kevin : good, that should be the fault in every game. Social elements, never, you know, I mean like
Kevin : relationship elements.
Al: Well, so this isn't necessarily, this isn't the tracking just the heart levels, it's tracking whether you've seen specific heart events.
Kevin : I'll still stand by the statement
Al: I agree it's good, but like most most farming games don't have that.
Kevin : Yeah, but it should be
Al: I'm both sure fair and big technical changes under the hood to
Al: What was it they said help long-term maintenance and improvement of the game
Kevin : I don't know what that means. They added more RAM to the servers.
Al: It's good
Al: It will make it easier for them to add new features based
Kevin : Famously said by every developer ever, and had never been regarded once.
Al: we wouldn't know compared to what exactly compared to an alternate reality where they haven't done it.
Kevin : I guess so. I guess that's true. I will go ahead and go ahead and smile.
Al: And they've also added, they've also added modding support in other languages,
Kevin : I appreciate it. I'm just thinking, like, as someone who's never modded or done any modding,
Al: useful for some people.
Kevin : like, where does the support come in, like, for, you know, how does it being in Spanish?
Kevin : Where does the Spanish fit into the modding?
Al: A good question. I mean the modding, so mods come in two parts either mods that are supported
Al: officially because the game has functions that you are meant to use when you're doing modding
Al: or unofficial modding where you you're literally changing the code inside the game
Al: and those mods break very quickly. They break on every update because obviously
Al: the code underlying has changed quite a lot whereas the official modding generally doesn't
Al: change the code it uses functions that the code provides you and therefore generally are less
Al: likely to break when an update happens. It's not that they never do but they still do sometimes
Kevin : Okay
Al: break but they're less likely to break whereas official mods basically always break because that's
Al: That's how it works.
Al: The language support
Al: I'm not sure how that comes into this, presumably, presumably it allows mods to say this
Kevin : Okay, yeah, wouldn't you break it? Yeah.
Al: is what the additional text in-game is in the different languages.
Al: That's the thing I'm currently assuming would be mod language support.
Kevin : Yeah. No. We, they actually just re-translated every single line of code into every
Al: It's also possible.
Al: They mean they're allowing mods to add other languages into the game.
Kevin : language. They support them. Either way, it's, it's a good effort. I, I, I like to say I'm not a
Al: [laughing]
Kevin : moderate type person, but I, I tip my head towards the conference.
Al: And our final piece of news is, Iconi Island have announced that they are no longer with their main publisher.
Al: They will be self-publishing, except in Asian countries they still have a publisher for those territories.
Al: So it doesn't really make much difference, but that is a thing.
Kevin : probably not on a line, but it's all it yeah. Look, I know it's business stuff but it's almost
Al: That is a thing.
Kevin : close to the equivalent of breakup drama. That's what this amounts to.
Al: Yeah, yeah, pretty much pretty much all right, that's the news. Let's talk about
Al: Ashwood Valley, so
Kevin : Okay, it's the one I do have siblings that
Al: So Kevin hasn't played this game although he does own it
Al: This we do siblings. Yes, so right. Let me so this is only on the switch
Al: We both bought it when it was like super cheap. What was it like one dollar or something insanely cheap like that?
Kevin : Yeah, so far. Yeah, yeah.
Al: Normal prices $10. I think
Al: Read its blurb before I get into the
Al: Probably five minute discussion about this game
Al: Your sibling is a cat now time to fix that
Al: In Ashwood Valley, you'll step into the shoes of either Luna or Draco to magical siblings who spell casting mishap opens a portal to a vibrant world
Al: And turns one of them into a cat. Obviously because those two things are basically the same thing
Al: Now it's up to you to restore a ruined cottage.
Al: befriend quirky characters and uncover the secrets of the enchanted valley to break the curse.
Al: Grow magical plants, explore changing seasons, complete odd quests for chocolate-loving
Al: mayors or cheese-obsessed dwarfs, and pet all the wild animals you can find even the strawberry cows.
Al: With cozy farming, wizzicle characters and hand-animated pixel art, Ashwood Valley is a
Al: charming adventure about family, friendship, and a lot of fluff.
Kevin : Oh, that was a lot of last one.
Al: So, my intro
Al: to this game would be it is some of what it says it is so the story wise we'll get into
Al: that later on but like it does start off being like choose one so you choose one of the
Al: siblings and it's like okay the other ones are cat now okay it doesn't really tell you
Al: much and you just kind of get plopped into this random other place but you don't know it's
Kevin : [Music]
Al: another place because it's just a place, right? You haven't seen a previous place.
Al: you're just in a place and you've got a building and there's a few characters and a few animals.
Al: You are like farming yes but like not really to do much. You're farming to get food to give to
Al: the animals around the village to befriend them and then this is the entire story. Once you have befriended
Al: every animal who's like, I don't know how many times.
Al: That's it, that's the story.
Kevin : I think, as I recall, correct me if I'm wrong, this game has seasons and I think I've
Al: does. It is a standard farming game in the aspect.
Kevin : heard.
Kevin : Yep.
Kevin : And I believe I've heard a lot of people hit credits by the end of spray.
Kevin : You're one.
Al: Yes, absolutely, uh
Kevin : Which is wild.
Al: And and the the the the the you say hit credits. There's nothing really happens like your your sibling gets turned into their sibling and now just stands there instead of standing there like a cat
Kevin : Yep.
Al: They're no standing there as a human
Al: But that's it. There's no real like oh congratulations. You did it
Kevin : Okay
Al: I'm
Al: Literally all you'd have to do is befriend all the animals by giving them carrots for like
Al: 10 days in a row and then you're done. That's it
Kevin : - That's so wild.
Al: That is the story
Al: There are other characters, but none of them have really done anything they kind of just exist
Al: The farming is you have like plant pots in your house
Al: I haven't figured out if you can add more plant bots, but I'm started off with three plant pots and
Al: So you're not farming outside you're farming in these plant pots. So it's like you start off and you're like okay
Al: great I can put carrot seeds in these three plant pots and then water them and then I can go and say hello to all the animals and then there's nothing really left to do today. It's it's such a weird a weird thing. I also one of the things I always gets me over the game is like how the controls feel right and sometimes it's hard to explain how how controls feel right there. But sometimes controls never don't feel great. And this is a game where the controls didn't feel great.
Al: So in lots of games lots of farming games you have like your toolbar right and you're like switching between items in the toolbar and in some in some farming games your tool will change automatically based on what you're doing right where you go up to a tree and you use the action item and it will use the axe right and it knows what you want to do because you're at a specific point.
Al: This game does neither of those. You have your D pad which by the way menus don't work with the D pad the only work in the analog stick and I hate it when games do that. Let me use the D
Kevin : Oh, oh, that's the worst. I'm not a fan, not a fan.
Al: pad in menus please and thank you. I hate it so much because an analog stick is for analog movement menus are not analog movement. Now obviously let me use the analog stick as well if I want to but let me use the D pad. Let me use the D pad for what it's for moving directions. So the way that the way the tools work is you have your D pad and
Kevin : ha ha ha ha. No, you eat, yeah, you just sign it to them, double. Yeah, I'm watching
Al: like your left is I can't remember which one it is but left is one of the tools down is one of the tools and right is one of the tools and you. Yeah yeah there you go it's the shovel. Yeah yeah yeah I could remember the watching can was right I can remember the other two where and. So say I am I'm going to.
Kevin : licking images, left is like a shovel or a spade. Down is the, down is the sickle looks
Kevin : like ferracim, ferracim, ferracim, ferracim, ferracim, and right is the watering can. Don't you
Kevin : Don't you know, Z stands for the tools?
Al: I've got a plant pot and I want to put a seed in it right you have to go left to select the shovel you press a to action the shovel you then have to press up. Select the carrot seed press a to. Put the carrot seed down and then press right to select the watering can and press a. To use the watering can and the thing is that like that wouldn't feel like a lot of.
Kevin : Oh, no, no, no, wait.
Al: stuff if you had like you know ten things to water you'd like select right and then you'd go and water them all but you have three things to water so you're doing like. Left a. Right a move to the next one left a up a right a move to the next one left a up a right a. You have successfully put three seeds in the ground and watered them.
Kevin : You
Kevin : What do you mean you don't just push right on the deep and it does the action. What do you mean at the?
Kevin : It's just equipping and then pushing the button. Why?
Al: It is so many button presses to do such simple actions which are fundamental to the game it's a farming game
Kevin : That's that's why they decided to end it in three one season. You're free
Kevin : Oh
Al: So, that is not fun and the problem is that if the farming isn't fun in your game, I'm
Al: going to struggle to enjoy your farming game, right?
Kevin : Yeah
Al: And on top of that, on top of that, the entire point of the game is to turn your sibling
Al: back into not a cat and you do that incredibly quickly without barely doing anything and
Al: And then you have no long term goal after.
Al: That's a fun.
Kevin : The worst part is it looks amazing. I like visually. I love the art style. It's, you know,
Kevin : top-down, Stardew pixel art, but it's really well done and charming. But, well, it's a game
Kevin : with not much to do and a lot of it sounds painful to do. Oh, big oof.
Al: Yeah, it's funny because like sometimes you
Al: Grab are really cheap game
Al: Because we bought this game and what was the other one called?
Al: What was the other one we bought the same time that we talked about a couple months ago?
Kevin : Is it Starbirds? Is it Starbirds?
Al: No, no, no, Sunsea Island
Kevin : That's, oh, yeah, that's the one, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Al: So we bought Sunsea Island and this at the same time for like the same price basically was like a dollar each and
Al: And, since it Island, it wasn't the most amazing.
Al: But, like, I chucked in 10 hours into that game and I completed and I had fun.
Al: This game I barely put in an hour and was like, this is not fun and I don't even, I like,
Al: I know the story.
Al: There's nothing, there's nothing there.
Al: Like, it's, I, there was nothing to build towards with Sunsea Island.
Al: You knew exactly what you were building towards the whole time and the whole game was built
Al: towards this.
Al: one you're like, I know what I'm building towards and I know how quickly I can get it.
Al: And I'm not even having fun doing that in the first place.
Kevin : Yeah. That's wild.
Al: I love the look of this game.
Al: I think that the pixel art is really nice.
Al: The colors are very vibrant.
Al: It's it's a very interesting looking game.
Al: The portraits are are fun.
Al: It's like, why I like about how it's done is so the character models are very, you know, low, low pixel numbers of pixels, right?
Al: And then the portrait is obviously more detailed, but still keeps the pixel art aesthetic, which I really like, a lot of games that for their portraits, they're like, here's ridiculously high quality.
Kevin : It it does
Kevin : Yeah, yeah
Al: And you're like, this just feels out of character for this game.
Al: I really think they did really nice balance here of that.
Kevin : It does I mean I
Kevin : Agree yeah, I mean even stardew feels like that right the the difference between the you know
Kevin : Overworld models and the the portrait art like night and day
Kevin : But I agree looking at it here
Kevin : If the aesthetic is kept the same like you see the characters like oh yeah
Kevin : that's the same character in the same game yeah
Al: It looks like at some point you do, oh, I just realized you can farm outside.
Kevin : Yeah.
Al: It just doesn't tell you you can.
Al: I just never tried because it because the tutorial, the tutorial gets you to do it and plant pots inside.
Al: Why does the tutorial tell you that? That's dreadful. The tutorial teaches you to farm inside and then it lets you farm outside and never tells you that.
Al: That's dreadful. (laughs)
Kevin : that's magical oh i'm so happy you discovered that on on here oh yeah no I didn't
Al: were you waiting for that? Had you seen the picture and you were just waiting for me to see that?
Kevin : find that really really funny
Al: So I think why I would say is if you like a farming game that is low stakes and you can just do the
Al: same thing forever then feel free to try this game. The problem is that if you let if you want
Kevin : I was gonna say, buy a bit orchard.
Al: it's well there are there are many other games like that yeah I like that I like the the look
Al: of this game, which is why it's above Sugar G Island.
Al: I can't help but feel like this is just like, hey, we need a farming game game, and they've
Al: done it without too much thought about anything.
Al: The core gameplay is a lot of button presses, there's no real progression.
Al: A lot of it just kind of feels like it's there for the sake of it.
Al: You're run down.
Al: House that you're in that it talks about.
Al: You fix that in the first 10 seconds.
Al: You have a bunch of broken plots of bits around the house and there's cobwebs.
Kevin : Oh, yeah!
Al: And literally the tutorial is fix the ground and clear up the cobwebs and you do that and that's your house fixed.
Al: Like it's not even a progression thing.
Kevin : Oh, that's, that's amazing. Just, just skip. Just jump right to the end result.
Al: This is, that is the kind of epitome.
Al: of this game is like, there's no, there's no thought about scaling, there's no thought
Al: about like how you progress in this game, it's like progression, there you go, that's
Kevin : For a question
Al: the word I'm looking for, there's no progression really, it's, hey, do the things.
Kevin : It's a waste of time now, let's just get to the end
Al: I mean that feels a bit harsh, right?
Al: Like some people have enjoyed this game, looking online, some people have enjoyed their
Kevin : No
Kevin : Yeah
Al: time in this game. I have no
Kevin : Oh, yeah, yeah
Al: but that doesn't mean that other people won.
Kevin : No, okay, I'll like all joking aside like I think the fact that
Kevin : We can clear this in one season before going a full year. That's indicative of a big like designed for right like you you did not calculate something right there
Al: Yeah
Kevin : And that's probably
Kevin : Spills over until the other stuff that you're talking about like things were misjudged
Al: Yeah, it also feels like they're setting it up to sell a bunch of DLC because in the menu
Al: There's like a bunch of menu items that say like go to eShop and you click on it and they don't go anywhere
Kevin : the game
Al: So it kind of feels like it's like get people liking this game and then
Al: Give them a bunch of DLC
Al: But the DLC actually has to be there and there has to be a reason to buy it
Kevin : Oh, yep, it's not a great feeling.
Kevin : Oh, man, that's wild.
Kevin : What a shame, because it had like all the,
Kevin : how a missrook thing, and nothing like the goal
Kevin : of changing your sibling back, that could be a good one,
Kevin : but if you just take a little to get there,
Kevin : let it, let it, let it right out,
Kevin : be able to enjoy that.
Kevin : That would be nice, but alas,
Al: Yeah, it's, it's also, it's also just that like nothing really matters about it as well. Like you,
Kevin : and the visuals are really great.
Al: okay, cool. You've changed your sibling into a human again. Their model has changed on the
Al: uh, overworld. That's the only thing that changes. It doesn't matter. It doesn't make any difference.
Al: They don't start doing things for you. You don't start doing anything together. Nothing,
Kevin : oh that's rough buddy. That's maybe the plot hidden in the game and it should
Kevin : tell you about it. Just like farming outside.
Al: Possibly because I will be honest, I haven't put a huge amount of time into the game, because it failed its first hurdle, you know, how the controls work and the core gameplay loop. They are not, I did not enjoy that.
Al: It's too many button presses to do simple things that just end up frustrating me constantly.
Kevin : Yeah, you got it. No, I don't blame you. Yeah, I don't blame you
Al: And because when you search online, everyone is basically seeing the same thing about this, like, oh yeah, there's nothing past the main story and like, I just feel...
Al: but aimless after the main stories finished, you're like, well, yeah, I'm not going to push through these issues that I'm having, because it doesn't sound like there's a great game past it, right?
Al: But I've done that before when I'm like, oh, here's a game that I'm not a huge fan of, the start of it, let me push through the tutorial, and you get to a game that you really like, and that doesn't mean that it didn't have flaws, right?
Al: of it was a flaw and that needed to be better, but you can push that.
Al: through it because you know there's something better coming and that was not the case here.
Kevin : Yeah, yeah, no, I absolutely get you dang that's rough. Yeah, I don't know what else to say. Hey, good
Al: Well, I don't, yeah, I don't know what else to say. I feel like that's, that's
Al: everything I have to say, you know, so there we go. Let's end on our positive.
Kevin : All right dang yeah
Al: I'm recording the game of the year episode very soon.
Al: If you are interested in inputting into that, you can join the Patreon and there is
Kevin : inputting, giving thought.
Al: a currently a form up on the Patreon to get people's input. Multiple patrons have already
Al: input into that and that will be, I'm not saying that we will definitely choose the majority
Al: winner from that, although I don't think there is a majority winner from that just now,
Al: I think it is exactly evenly, it's evenly split between five games from the five people that
Kevin : I know, at least one person in my corner. I submitted my entry and I know somebody is going to be back in me up.
Al: the oven piece so far.
Al: But one of them is what I do want to be there.
Al: I know exactly what you've done Kevin, it will not, I will not be arguing for what you have argued for, but if the other people argue for it and it seems like it's going to be a majority opinion, I will not fight against it, let's put it that way.
Kevin : Most people who've listened this year could guess what I've been doing.
Kevin : Well, people who don't vote for Kirby AirRiders are wrong, just objectively.
Al: So if you want to input into that, you have to be on the slack, you have to be a patron, so you can do that at patreon.com/thsbot.
Al: You'll also get access to just chat to us in the slack and access to bonus episodes of the podcast. Kevin, is there anything you want to tell the list?
Kevin : Yeah. So I need me to press wherever, because if I'm on Twitter, I'm just retweeting primarily
Kevin : curvy or writer stuff because it's a bigger, bigger content out of that game. Go check
Kevin : out all the memes, the clips, the art. Oh, that's all I've been doing really. Yes.
Al: I have a question... the... the... the carts that I've been seeing.
Al: Are those custom-built carts, or they just like stand there?
Kevin : Yeah. I had to, I'm going to, if you're seeing them on the
Kevin : line, they are very likely the custom made ones, because that's one of the big like the pills. Yep. Yeah. That's why we get a
Al: So you can, you can custom make cards.
Kevin : coyote or look in part. And it's like, I jokingly said art medium last week or with Nami, but it's kind of true because you can do so
Kevin : much and custom make so much and decorate them. It's really good. Yeah, it is insane. Like I see
Al: That's crazy that it's detailed enough that you can make some of these cards custom. That's
Kevin : like genuine scenes being painted on this vehicle.
Al: that's what that's what they've that's what they've been doing the last 20 years since the last game
Al: It's just making the custom card system
Kevin : Yeah, yeah, yeah, it sounds like it's with soccer. I would do. I believe it
Kevin : Yeah, yeah, it's great. It's fantastic
Kevin : It really is mind-boggling how much people can do like I didn't I haven't made one myself
Kevin : But it really feels like you can just paint on the things and I think that's the case
Kevin : I think that people are you know maneuvering decals and positioning them like oh my it's wild. It's great
Al: All right, have I missed anything
Al: because I did things in a weird order.
Al: Yes, you can find the podcast on Tumblr
Al: on Blue Sky, THS Pod, you can send us feedback
Al: from our website, harvestseason.club,
Al: and I think that's everything.
Al: Kevin, thank you for joining me.
Kevin : Thank you all for having me on
Al: Thank you, listeners, for listening,
Al: and until next time, have a good harvest.
Theme Tune: The Harvest Season is created by Alma Henry, with support from our patrons, including our
Kevin : Good harvest whoo
Theme Tune: pro farmers, Kevin Stewart, Analisa.
Theme Tune: Our art is done by Micah the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Virtus.
Theme Tune: Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed
Theme Tune: in this episode.
Kevin : No worries. Wait, what is?
Kevin : What?
Kevin : So I'm just going through the news, and there's,
Kevin : there's stuff puzzling me.
Al: There's always puzzling.
Kevin : Okay.
Kevin : Yeah.
Kevin : I didn't think we talked about legal mechanics.
Kevin : I guess, I don't know, that's what looks like,
Kevin : but oh my gosh, that is what, oh, good heavens.
Al: [laughs]
Kevin : You guys talk about
Kevin : legal systems in just history.
Al: something that will soon only be in games.